README.md, before:

# Anyrun-Websearch-Plus
An [anyrun](https://github.com/Kirottu/anyrun) plugin to search the web through customized search engines. Different from the original [ websearch ](https://github.com/Kirottu/anyrun/tree/master/plugins/websearch) plugin, this modified version allows for setting prefixes for individual search engines.

## Usage

Enter your search term with a prefix to call for the search engine. If more than two search engines have the same prefix, select the search action you want with arrow keys.

## Configuration

An example config.

```ron
// <Anyrun config dir>/websearch_plus.ron

Config(

  // The main prefix calls for websearch; a secondary prefix set in the Custom engine block calls for a specified search engine.
  // for example, in this config "?d Tux the penguin" calls DuckDuckGo to search for Tux the penguin, "?awiki " calls Archwiki, "?" calls Google. You can also depend wholely on secondary prefixes by setting the main prefix to "".

  prefix: "?",

  // Options: Google, Custom
  // The default google engine doesn't have a secondary prefix. If you need a prefix for google search, set a customized google engine and remove the default one.
  // NOTE: `{}` is replaced by the search query and `https://` is automatically added in front.

  engines: [

    // Example config:

    Custom(
      name: "DuckDuckGo",
      url: "duckduckgo.com/?q={}",
      secondary_prefix: "d ",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Arch Package Repository",
      url: "archlinux.org/packages/?q={}",
      secondary_prefix: "apkg ",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Archwiki",
      url: "wiki.archlinux.org/index.php?search={}",
      secondary_prefix: "awiki ",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Arch User Repository",
      url: "aur.archlinux.org/packages?K={}",
      secondary_prefix: "aur ",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Github",
      url: "github.com/search?q={}",
      secondary_prefix: "gh ",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "PTT",
      url: "www.pttweb.cc/ptt-search#gsc.q={}",
      secondary_prefix: "ptt ",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Reddit",
      url: "www.reddit.com/search/?q={}",
      secondary_prefix: "rd ",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Youtube",
      url: "www.youtube.com/results?search_query={}",
      secondary_prefix: "yt ",
    ),

    Google,
  ],
     
)
```

Commit message:

feat: much better search
- Removed the need to append " " at the ned of secondary prefixes
- Fuzzy match secondary prefixes

README.md, after:

# Anyrun-Websearch-Plus
An [anyrun](https://github.com/Kirottu/anyrun) plugin to search the web through customized search engines. Different from the original [ websearch ](https://github.com/Kirottu/anyrun/tree/master/plugins/websearch) plugin, this modified version allows for setting prefixes for individual search engines.

## Usage

Enter your search term with a prefix to call for the search engine. If more than two search engines have the same prefix, select the search action you want with arrow keys.

With only the main prefix, Google is used by default<br>
<kbd>? hyprland</kbd> → "hyprland" on Google

Can use the secondary prefix to quickly use a specific engine<br>
<kbd>?awiki hyprland</kbd> → "hyprland" on the Arch wiki

Secondary prefixes are fuzzy matched<br>
<kbd>?aw hyprland</kbd> → "hyprland" on the Arch wiki

If multiple engines are matched, you can select the one you want<br>
<kbd>?a hyprland</kbd> → "hyprland" on the Arch Package Repo / Arch Wiki / AUR

## Configuration

An example config.

```ron
// <Anyrun config dir>/websearch_plus.ron

Config(
  // You can also depend wholely on secondary prefixes by setting the main prefix to "".
  // Note that this will make the default Google engine unusable.

  prefix: "?",

  // Options: Google, Custom
  // NOTE: `{}` is replaced by the search query and `https://` is automatically added in front.

  engines: [
    // Example config:

    Custom(
      name: "DuckDuckGo",
      url: "duckduckgo.com/?q={}",
      secondary_prefix: "d",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Arch Package Repository",
      url: "archlinux.org/packages/?q={}",
      secondary_prefix: "apkg",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Archwiki",
      url: "wiki.archlinux.org/index.php?search={}",
      secondary_prefix: "awiki",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Arch User Repository",
      url: "aur.archlinux.org/packages?K={}",
      secondary_prefix: "aur",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Github",
      url: "github.com/search?q={}",
      secondary_prefix: "gh",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Reddit",
      url: "www.reddit.com/search/?q={}",
      secondary_prefix: "rd",
    ),

    Custom(
      name: "Youtube",
      url: "www.youtube.com/results?search_query={}",
      secondary_prefix: "yt",
    ),

    Google,
  ],
)
```
